### Bug Fixes

* `ghe-backup-myql` and `ghe-restore-mysql` will now exit 1 on errors.
* On an instance with Actions enabled, incorrect backup and restore settings prevented the storage container name from being restored. This made the logs from that container inaccessible, and caused Actions to create a new storage container in a different location.
* When backups are run for HA instances in both primary and replica nodes a `.sync-in-progress` file will be created. This will disable `NetworkMaintenance` jobs from running and queueing up when backups are running from the primary node.

### Changes

* Estimated transfer sizes will be calculated on appropriate nodes for clustered environments.
* Added support for finding the `parallel` command from the `moreutils` tool suite on more Linux distributions, including Arch Linux and Alpine Linux.
* `ghe-restore` avoids unnecessary `rsync` operations when restoring to non-clustered environments.
* `ghe-backup` and `ghe-restore` output their total runtime
* `rsync` compression is now disabled by default. The `-z` flag has been removed from the `ghe-rsync` command in multiple files to improve transfer speed and reduce CPU usage. To enable `rsync` compression globally, add `GHE_RSYNC_COMPRESSION_ENABLED=yes` to the `backup.config` file.
* Updates the Host OS version output to use `/etc/os-release` for better compatibility with other Linux distributions.

### Backups and Disaster Recovery

* When a NFS mount is detected for snapshots on backup hosts, backup logs will show a warning to notify the user that such a setup may incur performance issues as highlighted in [storage requirements](https://github.com/github/backup-utils-private/blob/master/docs/requirements.md#storage-requirements) documentation.
